Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator
and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for
the purpose of promoting member of the public to reliably and without
fear of later claims of infringement, freely build upon, enhance, reuse,
and axioms of science and commerce, and the public domain.

To achieve this purpose, Owner desires to make a public declaration of
that intent to relinquish those rights, albeit not purposely to Werk on
the Work, and has elected to apply this Document to the Work.

Now, therefore, the Owner unreservedly and perpetually relinquishes all
of their Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, granting all affected
members of the public a royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable,
and unconditional license to exercise all rights in the Work for any
purpose whatsoever, and for the entire duration of the Copyright and
Related RightsWARF.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under this License
may be protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights
("Copyright and Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include,
but are not limited to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display,
     communicate, and translate a Work;
 ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);
iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or
     likeness depicted in a Work;
 iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in relation to a Work,
     subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;
  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use, and reuse of data
     in a Work;
 vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
     European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
     protection of databases, and under any national implementation
     thereof, including any amended or successor version of such
     directive); and
vii. other similar, equivalent, or corresponding rights throughout the
     world based on applicable law or treaty, and any national
     implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention
of, applicable law, Owner hereby overtly, fully, permanently,
irrevocably, and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
Owner's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of
action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as
future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or
treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising, and promotional
purposes (the "Waiver"). Owner makes the Waiver for the benefit of each
member of the public at large and to the detriment of Owner's heirs and
successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to
revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or
equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public
as contemplated by Owner's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the
Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into
account Owner's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the extent
the Waiver is so judged, Owner hereby grants to each affected member of
the public a royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, and unconditional
license to exercise all rights in the Work for any purpose whatsoever,
and for the entire duration of the Copyright and Related RightsWARF,
without further notice, permission, or condition. The foregoing license
shall be deemed effective as of the date Owner applied this Document to
the Work.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

 a. No trademark or patent rights held by Owner are waived, abandoned,
    surrendered, licensed, or otherwise affected by this document.
 b. Owner offers the Work "as-is" and makes no representations or
    warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied,
    statutory, or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of
    title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
    non-infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy,
    or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable,
    all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.
 c. Owner disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
    that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without
    limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work.
    Further, Owner disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary
    consents, permissions, or other rights required for any use of the
    Work.

When the Work is used or cited, you should not imply endorsement by the
author or the affirmer.
